Is spot reduction impossible? There are methods for that.

Hello, this is pkang.

The topic of this video is how to lose weight in specific areas.

There is a series of videos I made in the past about body fat, and this is something I covered in one of them.

In the comments of that video, someone asked, "Is it possible to lose weight in specific areas?" and another person replied, "I heard that's not possible."

Many comments like this have been posted.

In this video, I will only talk about that.

The body fat accumulated in a person's body is divided into two types: visceral fat and subcutaneous fat.

Visceral fat refers to the fat that is located right next to the internal organs.

Because it is close to the intestines, it has characteristics that make it suitable for energy utilization.

It is a tissue that serves the role of energy storage.

The only place where internal organs are located in the human body is in the torso, and therefore, the fat is inside the torso.

Because it serves the role of an energy storage.

By reducing the intake of unnecessary foods in your diet, you can decrease body fat.

In diet information, the body fat that is often discussed mostly refers to visceral fat.

Subcutaneous fat refers to the fat located just beneath the skin.

It is fat that is spread throughout the entire body.

Fat in the arms and thighs, such as arm fat and thigh fat, can all be considered subcutaneous fat.

This subcutaneous fat is located quite far from the internal organs, which makes it difficult to be used as energy.

Instead, it's right beneath the skin.

Fat serves the role of protecting the body from external shocks and preventing the loss of body heat.

It is difficult to reduce it through diet because it is hard to use as energy.

By developing muscles through exercise and increasing activity levels, fat decreases.

This is because muscles are organs that generate heat when they are used.

In order for a person's body temperature to be maintained at a constant level, it should not drop too low, but it also should not rise too high.

When a large amount of heat is generated in the muscles, it is necessary to release it outside the body to maintain a constant body temperature.

In such situations, the insulating ability of subcutaneous fat can be a hindrance.

As muscle mass increases and activity levels rise, subcutaneous fat will decrease.

So, visceral fat is the concept of using energy to burn or reduce fat.

Subcutaneous fat is not something that is removed through use; rather, it is more about it disappearing because it is no longer needed.

This is the content that came up in the video about subcutaneous fat.

After watching this video, a lot of comments of this kind were posted.

If I work hard on my abdominal exercises and build my abs, will my belly fat go away?

They say it's impossible to lose weight in specific areas, right?

To put it simply, it depends on the perspective from which the story is told.

The idea that spot reduction is impossible is discussed from two main perspectives.

The first perspective is that energy is consumed to reduce body fat.

Reduce calorie intake through dietary control.

If you build muscle and increase your metabolism through exercise, you will increase the calories burned.

As the body fat compensates for the insufficient calories, weight loss occurs.

In this process, I cannot force the fat in the areas I want to be used as energy.

The body fat used for energy in the video is visceral fat, while subcutaneous fat is difficult to use for energy.

So, from the perspective of energy expenditure, it is not possible to reduce subcutaneous fat in the desired areas.

This story is, of course, a true story.

The second perspective is the viewpoint of exercising with a set time.

When we usually exercise, we set aside 1 to 2 hours a day for our workouts.

When doing exercises like this, targeting specific areas doesn't mean that the subcutaneous fat in that area will be lost.

It means that you need to do full-body exercises.

And this is the correct story.

One of the common misconceptions after hearing about the relationship between subcutaneous fat and muscle is that

There is a misconception that increasing abdominal muscle mass will lead to a reduction in abdominal subcutaneous fat.

It's not that the abdominal muscle mass increases and then decreases; rather, heat must be generated by using the abdominal muscles in order to lose weight.

Even if there is a lot of muscle mass in the abdomen, if it is not used, heat will not be generated.

If there is no fever, subcutaneous fat will continue to be necessary for maintaining body temperature.

An example of severe obesity is having a lot of muscle but not using it, which prevents subcutaneous fat from being lost.

Severe obesity leads to significant development of the lower body muscles as they support the heavy body.

So, when measuring severe obesity with an InBody test,

Even if you have no exercise experience, you can still have a high muscle mass.

If having a lot of muscle mass alone reduces subcutaneous fat, then this is correct.

Severe obesity should have less subcutaneous fat in the lower body because there is a lot of muscle mass in the lower body.

However, severe obesity is characterized by a high amount of muscle mass in the lower body, while also having a large amount of subcutaneous fat.

The reason this happens is that individuals with severe obesity have low levels of physical activity.

In the case of severe obesity, the weight is very heavy.

A lot of energy is consumed when moving the body.

So even with a little movement, I easily get out of breath, feel hot, and sweat a lot.

Since I dislike this, I try to move as slowly as possible when I do move.

If possible, I try not to move.

So, I have a lot of muscle, but I try not to use it much.

Since the muscles are not being used, heat is not generated, which is why the subcutaneous fat does not burn off.

So in the end, while muscle mass is important, the heat generated in the body is what really matters.

When you set aside about 1 to 2 hours a day to exercise,

Comparing doing only abdominal exercises to doing full-body workouts,

Full-body workouts generate significantly more heat.

Because the abdominal muscles are relatively small muscles, they generate less heat when exercised.

My muscles get tired quickly, so it's hard to exercise for a long time.

In fact, doing abdominal exercises continuously for 1 to 2 hours doesn't make sense in itself.

In the case of full-body workouts, they engage the large muscles of the entire body.

Much more heat will be generated.

Since the load is distributed throughout the body, you can exercise for a sufficient 1 to 2 hours.

And if you develop all the muscles in your body through full-body exercises,

Thanks to the developed muscles throughout the body, one feels a sense of lightness.

This will naturally increase the level of activity in daily life.

Before exercising, it was difficult to take the stairs, so I would wait for the elevator even when going up one floor.

Since exercising makes my body feel lighter, it feels like I can take the stairs one level higher.

In this way, you will use your muscles in daily life, and as your body generates heat, the subcutaneous fat will decrease.

On the other hand, if you only do abdominal exercises, the muscle mass in your abdomen will increase, but...

The whole body doesn't feel lighter, so the level of activity doesn't increase.

The heat generated during exercise is low, and it is also difficult to sustain exercise for a long time.

The amount of activity in daily life doesn't increase either.

When only doing abdominal exercises, there is almost no effect on reducing subcutaneous fat.

In reality, people are divided into two groups.

One side did not exercise at all, while the other side only did abdominal exercises.

A study found that there was no difference in abdominal subcutaneous fat after 6 weeks.

For this reason, exercising a specific area does not necessarily lead to fat loss in that area.

To exercise, you need to do full-body workouts. That's how this idea came about.

However, exercise that is done throughout the day, rather than at a set time, changes the conversation.

For example, what would happen if you maintained a tense state in your abdominal muscles all day long?

As I use my abdominal muscles all day long, heat continues to build up in my abs.

As the heat continues to build up, the subcutaneous fat in the abdomen decreases.

The exercises that come from this are the draw-in exercise and the book-thigh exercise.

The draw-in exercise involves engaging the abdominal muscles to pull the belly inward while going about daily activities.

The book wedge exercise involves placing a book between your thighs while sitting and holding it in place using the strength of your thighs.

As more and more reviews come in about actually reducing belly fat and thinning thighs,

It is a sport that gained some fame.

This type of exercise is not about working out for a set amount of time, but rather...

It is a type of exercise that increases the amount of activity in daily life and generates heat through that.

This type of exercise is called non-exercise activity thermogenesis, abbreviated as NEAT exercise.

So, taking 1 to 2 hours to do targeted exercises for specific areas does not have the effect of losing fat in those areas.

Knit exercises that continuously generate heat in daily life have a targeted fat-burning effect on specific areas.

If you want to lose belly fat, don't set aside time for full-body workouts or crunches.

Should I do drawing exercises?

You have to do both.

The key to knit exercises like drawing exercises is to maintain them for a long time.

If you stop after a short time, it has no meaning.

However, for people who lack strength in their abdominal muscles, it is impossible to maintain this for a long time.

For those who have no prior exercise experience and are just starting, it is common to stop after about 10 minutes.

So when I set aside time to exercise, I develop my muscles with full-body workouts and crunches.

Using the developed muscles, I do knit exercises like draw-in exercises.

You should think in this concept.

When your abdominal muscles are well-developed, it's not difficult to maintain the drawing-in exercise all day long.

If you found this video helpful, please subscribe and like it. I will return with the next video.

Thank you.