Can you increase muscle mass while reducing body fat? - Part 4 of the weight loss process.

All videos have subtitles.

If there is a video where the subtitles are not visible, please turn on the YouTube subtitle feature.

This is the fourth video about the process of losing weight.

In the first video, I will explain how to determine what type of obesity I have.

We looked into how to distinguish between real weight loss and fake weight loss for each type.

In the second video, the order in which weight is lost is discussed.

In the third video, we talked about the situation when the stomach gets pulled in during abdominal exercises.

In the second video, we briefly talked about the relationship between muscle and subcutaneous fat.

Muscles have the characteristic of generating heat when used.

If you increase your muscle mass through exercise and increase your activity level to use your muscles more,

A lot of heat is generated inside the body.

Humans are warm-blooded animals that need to maintain a body temperature of 36.5 degrees Celsius.

To maintain body temperature, heat generated by the muscles must be released outside the body.

However, subcutaneous fat has the ability to retain heat inside the body, preventing it from escaping outside.

When there is a lack of muscle, and the heat generated within the body is low,

The insulating ability of subcutaneous fat helps to maintain body temperature, but...

As muscle mass increases, it becomes difficult to maintain body temperature due to its insulation ability.

So, I mentioned that when muscle mass increases and activity levels rise, subcutaneous fat decreases.

An interesting question has been posted in the comments.

So, it means that while dieting, you should also increase your muscle mass.

They say it's not possible to reduce body fat while increasing muscle mass through dieting, right?

The process of reducing body fat while increasing muscle mass is called a "recomposition diet."

In this video, I would like to talk about this rising diet.

I talked about it in the second part of the weight loss process video.

Humans walk upright because...

The entire weight of the body is supported by the lower body.

So even if you don't exercise at all

It was said that just walking can develop the lower body muscles.

On the other hand, the upper body does not bear this weight load well.

Therefore, if you do not exercise separately, you will inevitably have less upper body muscle.

In that case, when dieting through diet and exercise in such a situation,

Since I am in a situation where I am dieting,

Even if you do upper body exercises, won't the upper body muscles develop?

Of course, that's not the case.

If you work hard on upper body exercises, your upper body muscles will develop.

Huh? Then why do people say that muscle growth doesn't happen while dieting?

Even if the upper body muscles increase,

This is often the case with InBody results showing muscle loss.

As I mentioned at the beginning of the video,

Based on a person with obesity who does not exercise.

The upper body has a low muscle mass but a high amount of subcutaneous fat instead.

The lower body develops muscles because it supports the heavy weight of the body.

You have a lot of muscle mass and low subcutaneous fat.

The reason an obese person appears to have a chubby upper body is that they have too much subcutaneous fat.

The reason the lower body looks chubby is that the muscles have developed excessively due to weight.

Therefore, to lose weight and become slim,

The upper body needs to reduce subcutaneous fat, while the lower body needs to reduce muscle.

If you follow a proper diet and exercise,

The upper body with insufficient muscle will increase in muscle mass.

When muscle mass increases and heat is generated from the muscles, the subcutaneous fat with insulating properties will decrease.

When body fat decreases, weight decreases.

When weight decreases, the load on the lower body is reduced.

And when the upper body muscles develop, the posture of the body straightens.

When you straighten your posture, your body finds balance.

When the body achieves balance, the load on the lower body decreases.

If the load on the lower body decreases, the lower body muscles will weaken.

So if we think about it by separating the upper body and lower body,

The upper body is experiencing a rising diet where body fat is decreasing and muscle is increasing.

The lower body is experiencing muscle loss, with a reduction in muscle mass.

If there is more reduced lower body muscle than increased upper body muscle,

In the InBody measurement that shows the total muscle mass of the body, it will indicate muscle loss.

If the increased upper body muscles are greater than the decreased lower body muscles,

In the InBody, which shows the total muscle mass of the body, it will be reflected as muscle growth.

However, the human body has more muscles in the lower body than in the upper body.

Even if you exercise hard for 1 to 2 hours a day,

It is difficult to withstand the load placed on the body by weight continuously for 24 hours.

In most cases, there is more muscle loss in the lower body.

So even if you are dieting properly,

InBody often shows cases of muscle loss.

This is why people say that gaining weight is difficult.

It came out as muscle loss on the InBody.

Has there been no muscle growth in my body at all?

That's not it.

Just because you are dieting doesn't mean that your muscle mass will necessarily increase.

Don't worry too much; just focus on your diet and exercise diligently.

If you found this video helpful, please subscribe and like it.

I will return with the next video. Thank you.